Add ability to configure atomic saving (#13656)
helix-editor/helix: book/src/editor.md

| `workspace-lsp-roots` | Directories relative to the workspace root that are treated as LSP roots. Should only be set in `.helix/config.toml` | `[]` |
| `default-line-ending` | The line ending to use for new documents. Can be `native`, `lf`, `crlf`, `ff`, `cr` or `nel`. `native` uses the platform's native line ending (`crlf` on Windows, otherwise `lf`). | `native` |
| `insert-final-newline` | Whether to automatically insert a trailing line-ending on write if missing | `true` |

> | `atomic-save` | Whether the document should write it's contents to a backup file, then rename that backup to the target file when saving. This prevents data loss if the editor is interupted while writing the file, but may confuse some file watching/hot reloading programs. | `true` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `atomic-save` | Whether the document should write its contents to a backup file, then rename that backup to the target file when saving. This prevents data loss if the editor is interrupted while writing the file, but may confuse some file watching/hot reloading programs. | `true` |
```
